{
    "Academia":"Spire has some of the finest centres of learning in the region, and perhaps the known world, if what you consider “finest” covers experimental theology and practical aetherics. The Academia domain covers book-learning, library use, and dealing with the peculiar personalities and miles of red tape that come attached to institutions of higher education.",
    "Crime":"Breaking the law is a popular pastime in Spire, and the Crime domain gives you an edge: it comes with knowledge of who’s who, how to carry yourself, how to pick out a mark and how to stay one step ahead of the city guard. Use Crime when you’re dealing with  criminals – whether investigating them or trying to work alongside them – or in crime-heavy districts such as Red Row.",
    "Commerce":"Commerce is the domain of buying and selling – some of it is haggling and appraisal, but a lot of it comes down to knowing where to go and who to talk to in order to get a good deal. Commerce districts include the Blue Docks, the North Docks, the Sky Docks and anywhere you can buy or sell things.",
    "High Society":"Many of the aelfir, and those close to them, live in gilded luxury behind strong walls and ranks of guards. Money and how to spend it is a big part of the High Society domain, but more important than money is the indefinable quality known as class. You can have all the money you desire and still not be accepted into the right clubs if you don’t know how to carry yourself – and with the High Society domain, you do.",
    "Low Society":"Most of the city is covered by the Low Society domain – these workers, labourers and craftsmen are the lifeblood of the city. They’re also the parasitic and workshy masses, depending on who you ask. Low Society districts include the North Docks, Derelictus, Pilgrim’s Walk, the Works, the Garden, Perch and anywhere else people are struggling to survive day-to-day.",
    "Occult":"The walls of Spire hum with strange energies, and once you dig deep enough into the Heart, reality comes unstuck almost entirely. Any use of magic not sanctioned by a church comes under the Occult domain, as do the secrets hidden in the Heart, other dimensions, or the times of legend in the distant past.",
    "Order":"This domain encompasses those who keep the peace in and around Spire, successfully or not – the city guard, for the most part, but also the army and the Council themselves. Depending on who a mercenary company works for, and the sort of work they do, they’ll either be Order or Crime. Outside of the jail, the military camp and the Council offices, there aren’t many districts of Order – they operate in other districts and enforce the will of the aelfir upon the populace.",
    "Religion":"The city of Spire is a very religious one, with aelfir forbidding very few faiths (although the ones they forbid certainly matter to the dark elves). The Religion domain covers interactions with institutions devoted to faith and knowledge of deities, and rites, of all kinds. Religious districts include Pilgrim’s Walk, New  Heaven, the Solar Basilica and the cathedral of Our Glorious Lady.",
    "Technology":"The humans are the undisputed masters of technology, having vastly accelerated their advancement through a culture of unearthing ancient katakos technology from arcologies in their lands and retro-engineering it to build inferior, but still powerful, copies. The Technology domain covers working with or repairing complex machinery and dealing with groups or guilds that do the same; notable districts where it will come in useful are the Works, parts of the Gardens, and the human-led university of Gywnn-Enforr."

}