{"Compel": "When it comes down to it, all success in life can be achieved by getting people to do what you want. Use Compel to persuade, intimidate and charm people in an attempt to get them to see things from your point of view.",
"Deceive": "As a minister, your public life is a lie, so it helps to be good at lying. Use Deceive to convince a person of a falsehood, to carry off a disguise, or to falsify documents.",
"Fight":"Few people want to get into a fight, but Spire is a dangerous place, and it pays to be able to handle yourself. Use Fight to hurt and kill people (using weapons, or with your bare hands) and to avoid taking damage yourself, as best you’re able.",
"Fix":"The city is crumbling from without and within, which means it’s a good idea to make do and mend. Use Fix to repair broken people, things and relationships, as well as to build something.",
"Investigate":"Secrets and information are Spire’s primary currency, no matter what the gold-traders tell you, and Investigate can help you find things that other people don’t want you to. Use Investigate to examine a scene, situation, or collection of information to come to useful conclusions based on your findings.",
"Pursue":"Secrets and information are Spire’s primary currency, no matter what the gold-traders tell you, and Investigate can help you find things that other people don’t want you to. Use Investigate to examine a scene, situation, or collection of information to come to useful conclusions based on your findings.",
"Resist":"You will face no end of hardships fighting for the Ministry, and those who can endure them are better off than those who can’t. Use Resist to withstand pain and exhaustion, act when you’re injured, resist torture and keep your wits about you when others would lose their minds.",
"Sneak":"If no-one knows that you were there, none can accuse you of anything. Use Sneak to hide yourself, or small items on your person, from the attentions of others.",
"Steal":"You can’t always afford what you need to fight the aelfir, which means you need to find alternate means of acquiring it. Use Steal to take things that aren’t yours, case a joint, disable security measures and fence stolen goods."
}